Asef Bashir Mir Bahir Ahmad Mir _ {Pacific Institute Of Technology

Isher Dass
Pacific Institute Of Technology
Pacific Institute Of Technology
Pacific Institute Of Technology

Pacific Institute Of Technology

Devinder Thakur Dharam Singh Pacific Institute Of Technology
Gourav Singh Amarjeet Singh Pacific Institute Of Technology

Gowhar Ahmad Ghulam
Rather Mohammad Rather

Pacific Institute Of Technology

Gulchain Singh Bhagwan Singh Pacific Institute Of Technology
Harsh Manhas Chander Gupt Pacific Institute Of Technology

=
Chitwan Kashyap Pacific Institute Of Technology

Subject to verification of approval status of the
Engineering |college/course from the joining report uploaded
on Web Portal of AICTE

Subject to verification of approval status of the
Engineering |college/course from the joining report uploaded
on Web Portal of AICTE

Subject to verification of approval status of the
Engineering |college/course from the joining report uploaded
on Web Portal of AICTE

Subject to verification of approval status of the
Engineering |college/course from the joining report uploaded
on Web Portal of AICTE

Subject to verification of approval status of the
Engineering |college/course from the joining report uploaded
on Web Portal of AICTE

Subject to verification of approval status of the
Engineering |college/course from the joining report uploaded
on Web Portal of AICTE

Subject to verification of approval status of the
Engineering |college/course from the joining report uploaded
on Web Portal of AICTE

Subject to verification of approval status of the
Engineering |college/course from the joining report uploaded
on Web Portal of AICTE

Subject to verification of approval status of the
Engineering |college/course from the joining report uploaded
on Web Portal of AICTE

Subject to verification of approval status of the
Engineering |college/course from the joining report uploaded
on Web Portal of AICTE

Subject to verification of approval status of the
Engineering |college/course from the joining report uploaded
on Web Portal of AICTE

