Mohammad Anwar

Sheikh Zahoor Ahmad Sheikh

Pacific College Of Engineering

Aadil Amin Khan mae Amin Pacific Institute Of Technology

Abdul Qayoom
Bhat

Abdul Hafiz Hassam Din Pacific Institute Of Technology
Abhi Attri Tilak Raj Pacific Institute Of Technology

Aasif Qayoom Bhat Pacific Institute Of Technology

Subash Chander Pacific Institute Of Technology

Adarsh Sharma Ghanshyan Pacific Institute Of Technology
Sharma

Ajay Bansal Pacific Institute Of Technology

Ajeet Singh Thakar Dass Pacific Institute Of Technology

=
nonreniaes Pacific Institute Of Technology
Pacific Institute Of Technology

Subject to verification of approval status of the
Engineering |college/course from the joining report uploaded
on Web Portal of AICTE

Subject to verification of approval status of the
Engineering |college/course from the joining report uploaded
on Web Portal of AICTE

Subject to verification of approval status of the
Engineering |college/course from the joining report uploaded
on Web Portal of AICTE

Subject to verification of approval status of the
Engineering |college/course from the joining report uploaded
on Web Portal of AICTE

Subject to verification of approval status of the
Engineering |college/course from the joining report uploaded
on Web Portal of AICTE

Subject to verification of approval status of the
Engineering |college/course from the joining report uploaded
on Web Portal of AICTE

Subject to verification of approval status of the
Engineering |college/course from the joining report uploaded
on Web Portal of AICTE

Subject to verification of approval status of the
Engineering |college/course from the joining report uploaded
on Web Portal of AICTE

Subject to verification of approval status of the
Engineering |college/course from the joining report uploaded
on Web Portal of AICTE

Subject to verification of approval status of the
Engineering |college/course from the joining report uploaded
on Web Portal of AICTE

Subject to verification of approval status of the
engineering |college/course from the joining report uploaded
on Web Portal of AICTE

